The truth about learning Multilingual survival 1 The brain learns
on demand and only shows interest in what is necessary
2 Second language learning may not seem necessary 3 Luck
is an important component of the world 4 Some people
are born into multilingual families 5 What is the best
and most cost-effective thing to overlearn Learning more natural languages
6 Acquiring a second language helps to deepen understanding of
the first language 7 Communication preaching education and teaching 8
Gray matter white matter and distributed networks 9 Cognitive control
ability 10 Find a non-negotiable reason for yourself find ways
to improve self-requirements all important basic parts need to be
memorized and violent cracking is required to deal with them
with sufficient repetition in a short time 11 Master the
pronunciation of multiple languages phonetics spelling rules 12 Repeat reading
and reciting a version of a language e.g. the Bible
every quarter